{
 "cells": [
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "74134e29-9d7d-460a-98f2-aa907f274664",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "# Creating the Open Services Group News Stream"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 1,
   "id": "876e6dad-5e5c-40ec-8286-f2009d8eeb35",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Why news stream?"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 2,
   "id": "d8112462-6a2b-4aba-b160-0c3501ba444d",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Link the markdown stream here"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 3,
   "id": "e2936e19-42df-44d9-b0bd-0b9d1c7f7480",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Import statements\n",
    "\n",
    "import yaml\n",
    "import requests\n",
    "import json"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "c49d314e-7f4f-4d9f-8f9a-75941ad40816",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Get all document archives from sigs.yaml"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 4,
   "id": "57bf506c-831d-4e98-8fbb-1ff3b802a4fb",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# link sigs.yaml\n",
    "sig_url= 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-services-group/community/main/sigs.yaml'"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 5,
   "id": "af4bce85-5d89-4717-ab04-52229be1200b",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# r = requests.get(sig_url, allow_redirects=True)\n",
    "# r"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 6,
   "id": "d48956b3-b9d4-412e-9805-bc0ee1ea5a52",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "{\n",
      "    \"sigs\": [\n",
      "        {\n",
      "            \"dir\": \"sig-community-experience\",\n",
      "            \"name\": \"Community Experience\",\n",
      "            \"mission_statement\": \"Our goal is to nurture a sustainable community by stabilizing and growing it through delivering good quality services using the data driven approach.\",\n",
      "            \"charter_link\": \"charter.md\",\n",
      "            \"label\": \"community-experience\",\n",
      "            \"leadership\": {\n",
      "                \"chairs\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"codificat\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Pep Turr\\u00f3 Mauri\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"schwesig\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Thorsten Schwesig\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"meetings\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Community Experience SIG meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Wednesday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"17:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"CET (Central Europe Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"bi-weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/tig-yuxq-fyh\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t47S9JUZbI3q0_LgVtaBKYsaGqnOP6YSG6x8XaBhiew/edit\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ],\n",
      "            \"contact\": {\n",
      "                \"liaison\": {\n",
      "                    \"github\": \"schwesig\",\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Thorsten Schwesig\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"subprojects\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"ComCom\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-services-group/community/main/sig-community-experience/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"GovOrg\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-services-group/community/main/sig-community-experience/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Metrics Strategic\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-services-group/community/main/sig-community-experience/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ]\n",
      "        },\n",
      "        {\n",
      "            \"dir\": \"sig-data-science\",\n",
      "            \"name\": \"Data Science\",\n",
      "            \"mission_statement\": \"Covers all aspects of Data Science and Machine Learning as it pertains to the open services group.\\n\",\n",
      "            \"charter_link\": \"charter.md\",\n",
      "            \"label\": \"data-science\",\n",
      "            \"leadership\": {\n",
      "                \"chairs\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"erikerlandson\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Erik Erlandson\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"michaelclifford\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Michael Clifford\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"meetings\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Data Science SIG meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Wednesday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"11:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"ET (East Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"bi-weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/ufs-hgvi-oni\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KecKMMva2wQxUZFdBpd291q75Z7ATp7F1YihMbuC_xg/edit\"\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Metrics Project Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Monday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"12:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"ET (East Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/efp-yipi-ibj\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lZ9863luHo_LoXGz27QrMuMxVWiinfLm7N5fJP4OInE/edit\"\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"OS-Climate Project Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Thursday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"11:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"ET (East Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/kdy-sqyf-rud\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PZTRTrU68LZXUy9GgKCp38KpVyG4lrN5Cw8Zv9pGmjE/edit\"\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Operate First Data Science Community Project Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Wednesday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"12:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"ET (East Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/ngp-npcx-nws\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/19_xPxfsazD6rJfe1aHNjVC9_bKpOfnepsifCZ4GBw8o/edit\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ],\n",
      "            \"contact\": {\n",
      "                \"liaison\": {\n",
      "                    \"github\": \"michaelclifford\",\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Michael Clifford\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"subprojects\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Metrics\",\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"[Described below](#metrics)\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://github.com/open-services-group/metrics/blob/main/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"OS-Climate\",\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"[Described below](#os-climate)\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/os-climate/aicoe-osc-demo/master/OWNERS\",\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/os-climate/data-platform-demo/master/OWNERS\",\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/os-climate/osc-ingest-tools/main/OWNERS\",\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/os-climate/osc-trino-acl-dsl/main/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Operate First Data Science Community\",\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"[Described below](#operate-first-data-science-community)\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://github.com/aicoe-aiops/operate-first-data-science-community/blob/main/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ]\n",
      "        },\n",
      "        {\n",
      "            \"dir\": \"sig-services\",\n",
      "            \"name\": \"Services\",\n",
      "            \"mission_statement\": \"Oversee, steer and organize involvement and commitment of new and existing services.\\n\",\n",
      "            \"charter_link\": \"charter.md\",\n",
      "            \"label\": \"services\",\n",
      "            \"leadership\": {\n",
      "                \"chairs\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"Shreyanand\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Shrey Anand\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"tumido\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Tom Coufal\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"meetings\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Regular SIG Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Thursday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"14:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"UTC\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/qhw-vgww-pdu\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ],\n",
      "            \"contact\": {\n",
      "                \"liaison\": {\n",
      "                    \"github\": \"tumido\",\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Tom Coufal\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"subprojects\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Peribolos as a service\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-services-group/peribolos-as-a-service/main/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                },\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"name\": \"Seraph\",\n",
      "                    \"owners\": [\n",
      "                        \"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AICoE/seraph/main/OWNERS\"\n",
      "                    ]\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ]\n",
      "        }\n",
      "    ],\n",
      "    \"workinggroups\": [\n",
      "        {\n",
      "            \"dir\": \"wg-byon-build-pipelines\",\n",
      "            \"name\": \"BYON build pipelines\",\n",
      "            \"mission_statement\": \"The goal of this working group is to create a service that implements the Bring Your Own Notebook (BYON) MVP in the context of Open Data Hub (ODH).\\n\",\n",
      "            \"charter_link\": \"charter.md\",\n",
      "            \"label\": \"byon-build-pipelines\",\n",
      "            \"leadership\": {\n",
      "                \"chairs\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"oindrillac\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Oindrilla Chatterjee\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"pacospace\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Francesco Murdaca\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"meetings\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Regular WG Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Wednesday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"10:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"ET (East Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/qkt-yacp-wzm\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i1ET2HHqWry-0NK72iDRCEGEoyO7CPzmwOBjr437CVI/edit#\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ],\n",
      "            \"contact\": {}\n",
      "        },\n",
      "        {\n",
      "            \"dir\": \"wg-devsecops\",\n",
      "            \"name\": \"DevSecOps\",\n",
      "            \"mission_statement\": \"The goal of this working group is to enable operations of an instance of data science tooling as a service utilizing ODH.\\n\",\n",
      "            \"charter_link\": \"charter.md\",\n",
      "            \"label\": \"devsecops\",\n",
      "            \"leadership\": {\n",
      "                \"chairs\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"HumairAK\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Humair Khan\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"harshad16\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Harshad Reddy Nalla\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"meetings\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Regular WG Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"Tuesday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"11:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"ET (East Time)\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"url\": \"https://meet.google.com/zsu-avba-enx\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ],\n",
      "            \"contact\": {}\n",
      "        }\n",
      "    ],\n",
      "    \"usergroups\": [],\n",
      "    \"committees\": [\n",
      "        {\n",
      "            \"dir\": \"committee-steering\",\n",
      "            \"name\": \"Steering\",\n",
      "            \"mission_statement\": \"The Steering Committee is the governing body of the Open Services Group, The Steering Committee defines the project values and structure. The Steering Committee are named people that are chartered to take on sensitive topics. This group is encouraged to be as open as possible while achieving its mission but, because of the nature of the topics discussed, private communications are allowed. The Steering Committee can have Sub-Committees. The Steering Committee is responsible for: project-level governance, binding and final arbitration, management of sub-structures, security process management, manages project-level policies such as the Code of Conduct\\n\",\n",
      "            \"label\": \"steering\",\n",
      "            \"leadership\": {\n",
      "                \"chairs\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"durandom\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Marcel Hild\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"goern\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Christoph G\\u00f6rn\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"michaelclifford\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Michael Clifford\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"schwesig\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Thorsten Schwesig\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    },\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"github\": \"tumido\",\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"Tom Coufal\",\n",
      "                        \"company\": \"Red Hat\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            },\n",
      "            \"meetings\": [\n",
      "                {\n",
      "                    \"description\": \"Private Steering Committee Meeting\",\n",
      "                    \"day\": \"every Tuesday\",\n",
      "                    \"time\": \"16:00\",\n",
      "                    \"tz\": \"UTC\",\n",
      "                    \"frequency\": \"weekly\",\n",
      "                    \"archive_url\": \"https://docs.google.com/document/d/192t0wROKJ-b1cpmgAu_4Dyr_yQEzIFovHpyC90Wd044/edit#\"\n",
      "                }\n",
      "            ],\n",
      "            \"contact\": {\n",
      "                \"teams\": [\n",
      "                    {\n",
      "                        \"name\": \"steering-committee\",\n",
      "                        \"description\": \"General Discussion\"\n",
      "                    }\n",
      "                ]\n",
      "            }\n",
      "        }\n",
      "    ]\n",
      "}\n"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "remoteYamlResponse = requests.get(sig_url)\n",
    "yamlFromRemote = yaml.safe_load(remoteYamlResponse.text)\n",
    "\n",
    "obj = json.dumps(yamlFromRemote, indent = 4)\n",
    "print(obj)"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 7,
   "id": "2e705363-7655-436f-9835-61a858fe1880",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t47S9JUZbI3q0_LgVtaBKYsaGqnOP6YSG6x8XaBhiew/edit\n",
      "Community Experience SIG meeting\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KecKMMva2wQxUZFdBpd291q75Z7ATp7F1YihMbuC_xg/edit\n",
      "Data Science SIG meeting\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lZ9863luHo_LoXGz27QrMuMxVWiinfLm7N5fJP4OInE/edit\n",
      "Metrics Project Meeting\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PZTRTrU68LZXUy9GgKCp38KpVyG4lrN5Cw8Zv9pGmjE/edit\n",
      "OS-Climate Project Meeting\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/19_xPxfsazD6rJfe1aHNjVC9_bKpOfnepsifCZ4GBw8o/edit\n",
      "Operate First Data Science Community Project Meeting\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i1ET2HHqWry-0NK72iDRCEGEoyO7CPzmwOBjr437CVI/edit#\n",
      "Regular WG Meeting\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/192t0wROKJ-b1cpmgAu_4Dyr_yQEzIFovHpyC90Wd044/edit#\n",
      "Private Steering Committee Meeting\n"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "for _, v  in yamlFromRemote.items():\n",
    "    for item in v:\n",
    "        for k, v2 in item.items():\n",
    "            if k == \"meetings\":\n",
    "                for meeting in v2:\n",
    "                    try:\n",
    "                        print(meeting['archive_url'])\n",
    "                        print(meeting['description'])\n",
    "                    except:\n",
    "                        pass"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "35fa3269-e1d0-4702-bf17-bd05a1e17164",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Filter by BYON and SIG DS Community Meetup"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 48,
   "id": "a2d3ed1e-cd0b-4c8a-b7d8-4c980d7c42ae",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# create sub list by projects of interest"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "8dca3678-55e0-4163-9aab-d4821f94019c",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Parse through each doc"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 49,
   "id": "14183b9f-aacd-4b22-95b5-ef5acfe2171a",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# function to read each doc in the list and store it in an object"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "04c137d6-5ae2-4ed8-a60a-47744b9722d0",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "### Test how to read from a google doc in python"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 50,
   "id": "cd0ca79c-8002-4b87-ad94-df6dc66dcb4e",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Copyright 2019 Google LLC\n",
    "#\n",
    "# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the \"License\");\n",
    "# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\n",
    "# You may obtain a copy of the License at\n",
    "#\n",
    "#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\n",
    "#\n",
    "# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\n",
    "# distributed under the License is distributed on an \"AS IS\" BASIS,\n",
    "# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\n",
    "# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\n",
    "# limitations under the License.\n",
    "\n",
    "# https://developers.google.com/docs/api/samples/extract-text\n",
    "\"\"\"\n",
    "Recursively extracts the text from a Google Doc.\n",
    "\"\"\"\n",
    "from __future__ import print_function\n",
    "\n",
    "import googleapiclient.discovery as discovery\n",
    "from httplib2 import Http\n",
    "from oauth2client import client\n",
    "from oauth2client import file\n",
    "from oauth2client import tools\n",
    "\n",
    "SCOPES = 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/documents.readonly'\n",
    "DISCOVERY_DOC = 'https://docs.googleapis.com/$discovery/rest?version=v1'\n",
    "\n",
    "\n",
    "def get_credentials():\n",
    "    \"\"\"Gets valid user credentials from storage.\n",
    "\n",
    "    If nothing has been stored, or if the stored credentials are invalid,\n",
    "    the OAuth 2.0 flow is completed to obtain the new credentials.\n",
    "\n",
    "    Returns:\n",
    "        Credentials, the obtained credential.\n",
    "    \"\"\"\n",
    "    store = file.Storage('token.json')\n",
    "    credentials = store.get()\n",
    "\n",
    "    if not credentials or credentials.invalid:\n",
    "        flow = client.flow_from_clientsecrets('credentials.json', SCOPES)\n",
    "#         credentials = tools.run_flow(flow, store)\n",
    "        credentials = tools.run_flow(\n",
    "                flow,\n",
    "                store,\n",
    "                tools.argparser.parse_args(args=['--noauth_local_webserver']))\n",
    "    return credentials\n",
    "\n",
    "def read_paragraph_element(element):\n",
    "    \"\"\"Returns the text in the given ParagraphElement.\n",
    "\n",
    "        Args:\n",
    "            element: a ParagraphElement from a Google Doc.\n",
    "    \"\"\"\n",
    "    text_run = element.get('textRun')\n",
    "    if not text_run:\n",
    "        return ''\n",
    "    return text_run.get('content')\n",
    "\n",
    "\n",
    "def read_strucutural_elements(elements):\n",
    "    \"\"\"Recurses through a list of Structural Elements to read a document's text where text may be\n",
    "        in nested elements.\n",
    "\n",
    "        Args:\n",
    "            elements: a list of Structural Elements.\n",
    "    \"\"\"\n",
    "    text = ''\n",
    "#     print((elements))\n",
    "    for value in elements:\n",
    "        if 'paragraph' in value:\n",
    "            elements = value.get('paragraph').get('elements')\n",
    "            for elem in elements:\n",
    "                text += read_paragraph_element(elem)\n",
    "        elif 'table' in value:\n",
    "            # The text in table cells are in nested Structural Elements and tables may be\n",
    "            # nested.\n",
    "            table = value.get('table')\n",
    "            for row in table.get('tableRows'):\n",
    "                cells = row.get('tableCells')\n",
    "                for cell in cells:\n",
    "                    text += read_strucutural_elements(cell.get('content'))\n",
    "        elif 'tableOfContents' in value:\n",
    "            # The text in the TOC is also in a Structural Element.\n",
    "            toc = value.get('tableOfContents')\n",
    "            text += read_strucutural_elements(toc.get('content'))\n",
    "    return text\n"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 51,
   "id": "4dcc61d0-4e14-40a4-b926-a1ff48432456",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# \"\"\"Uses the Docs API to print out the text of a document.\"\"\"\n",
    "credentials = get_credentials()"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 52,
   "id": "a954c3bf-d54b-444f-b8e0-f10691484eeb",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "http = credentials.authorize(Http())"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 53,
   "id": "efd70c03-ff65-4a89-9876-946b2901b1eb",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "docs_service = discovery.build(\n",
    "    'docs', 'v1', http=http, discoveryServiceUrl=DISCOVERY_DOC)"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 54,
   "id": "9c294ed5-7903-4340-831d-17290b84ea13",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "DOCUMENT_ID = '1i1ET2HHqWry-0NK72iDRCEGEoyO7CPzmwOBjr437CVI'\n",
    "doc = docs_service.documents().get(documentId=DOCUMENT_ID).execute()"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 55,
   "id": "55ca0373-5209-4d73-b9c3-6842ed4b9726",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "doc_content = doc.get('body').get('content')"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 56,
   "id": "c6236447-30d3-4409-b7dc-144147e0861d",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "WG BYON build pipelines - Meeting notes\n",
      "Project Board: https://github.com/orgs/open-services-group/projects/3 \n",
      "Charter: https://github.com/open-services-group/community/blob/main/wg-byon-build-pipelines/charter.md\n",
      "BYON & CNBi ODH/RHODS Architecture and Design: Notebook Images as it relates to ODH/RHODS \n",
      "Details for admin use case: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nd_WayY7RB3H7SlqMNlq1LsiS17CnG8V5D6UNsnmIYU/edit \n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "Upcoming Topics\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      " | \n",
      "Feb 23, 2022\n",
      "Attendees:           , Elyra\n",
      "\n",
      "Agenda\n",
      "[Call for action] List all validation requirements for images https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/1 \n",
      "Environment/contribution pointers to work on the UI parts \n",
      "Helm to deploy BYON pipelines https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/11 \n",
      "Architecture and Design Doc \n",
      "Notes\n",
      "Need guidance through codebase and repo for UI development for contribution.\n",
      "Dev environment needs the ODH dashboard (provided by the odh operator)\n",
      "Project board: https://github.com/orgs/open-services-group/projects/3/views/4 \n",
      "Tested out helm install - worked in ODH. Installing pipeline operator and running BYON pipeline. Running with nb successfully and non-nb images failed as expected. Need more investigation if we can integrate to RHODS.\n",
      "Need to investigate helm support in ODH\n",
      "Do we need https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/13 for MVP?\n",
      "Building operator around one task might not be necessary for MVP\n",
      "Security requirements of container images. Implement measures to comply with security policies/ best practices. ( discussions have  started around critical requirements needed for Thoth supported pre-built images for RHODS) \n",
      "\n",
      "Action items\n",
      "Verify validation requirements  - discuss https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/1\n",
      "Meet with when back for UI contribution reqs and to finalize dev environment needed to set up the ODH dashboard to start contributing .\n",
      "Dev environment: update/refine https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/19 work with WG DevSecOps (or https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/20 )\n",
      "Add ODH UI/UX people to https://github.com/orgs/open-services-group/projects/3/views/1 so that we can assign them to issues\n",
      "Include project board as a part of WG process.\n",
      "  update #11 with Landon’s findings.\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      " | \n",
      "Attendees:                  , Elyra\n",
      "Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Zdxb8x2IgkQ0EmX0ST51tF9ccetJuHgr/view \n",
      "\n",
      "Agenda\n",
      "New Team Leader \n",
      "Imagestream updated  https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/17 \n",
      "States https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/23\n",
      "\n",
      "Helm charts to deploy the byon pipelines https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/11 \n",
      "Provide the deployment for the manifests https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ODH-591 \n",
      "Present plans and current status to ODH community -> 2022-Feb-21 ? ? ? ?\n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "Managing Imagestream updates\n",
      "Not current feature to have in the MVP, but nice feature maybe for the future\n",
      "Admin will import different images for now, no actions on changes on the repo, but only documentation to support.\n",
      "\n",
      "Notebook Import Status\n",
      "What to report and which statuses make most sense.\n",
      "Creating/Scheduling instead of Importing. Validated state not useful, Enabled should suffice. \n",
      "Error State needed to account for unknown errors.\n",
      "Date should be present regardless after Uploading. \n",
      "\n",
      "Helm charts for deployment\n",
      "To determine if ODH can support helm\n",
      "\n",
      "Validation step do not interact with Thoth or external services, only inspecting the pulled image.\n",
      "A scan step could be added eventually, but needs to be checked with security team.\n",
      "\n",
      "Action\n",
      " to discuss and help streamline proposed states \n",
      "update https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/11 for deployment.\n",
      "Mon 2/21 - present at ODH Community meeting (15 mins)\n",
      "Verify where to deploy to test all together.\n",
      "Verify status on the UI for ODH from \n",
      "Verify requirements on the KFNBC for the (eventual) validation \n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      " | \n",
      "Attendees:                  \n",
      "Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n4xs5pLEA_TCyL5HKYTFOCxD2sRP2BeR/view \n",
      "\n",
      "Agenda\n",
      "Demo Pipeline  https://github.com/thoth-station/helm-charts/pull/23 \n",
      "Latest UX design : https://marvelapp.com/prototype/6dcfc3h\n",
      "UI on ODH https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ODH-591 \n",
      "Deployment of manifesta and where to \n",
      "\n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "Validation pipeline:\n",
      "next step focuses on the jupyterlab validation part, to verify that in the image there are files to spawn the image.\n",
      "Minor issue with storages and permissions on Openshift that will be solved soon.\n",
      "\n",
      "UX Design:\n",
      "Need to define the states available from the pipelines for the interaction with the UI\n",
      "Use hide/no hide instead of add/remove package because it might be confusing.\n",
      "Alerts should be reachable by the list of image\n",
      "\n",
      "Are we ready for having a repo and deploy the overall tool?\n",
      "So figure out the playground in the next weeks\n",
      "where to place all the manifests for the backend part and the UI?\n",
      "Action to discuss about it\n",
      "\n",
      "We will target KFNBC for the validation!\n",
      "\n",
      "Action items\n",
      "Define states available (validated, not-validation, detecting)\n",
      "take care about https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ODH-591 \n",
      "Provide the deployment for the manifests \n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      " | \n",
      "Attendees:               \n",
      "Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FuPZGDPKrvA87VFQ5fqEC8djveUTw9Pl/view \n",
      "\n",
      "Agenda\n",
      "Updates on Pipeline and task for validation \n",
      "Demo\n",
      "Validation messages aggregation and design\n",
      "https://github.com/thoth-station/helm-charts/issues/25\n",
      "Support multiple validators (“internal” e.g. instantiating the image and inspecting its contents as well as “external” like “skopeo inspect”)\n",
      "Is an API translation layer required or can Admin panel instantiate pipelinerun directly?\n",
      "Admin panel directly: This may be simpler and easier to implement - no need to authenticate users again\n",
      "Image annotations:\n",
      "https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/18\n",
      "Updates on UX \n",
      "https://marvelapp.com/prototype/6dcfc3h \n",
      "\n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "Demo for validation pipeline:\n",
      "Modular validation steps that can allow scalability\n",
      "Need to agree on the new annotations to be added to the image stream\n",
      "It could be possible to have custom validation steps for the pipelines and maybe follow the s2i pattern\n",
      "Next step would be to have a del/test environment for ODH first\n",
      "Consider ODH UI from RHODS UI made by Kyle (Don, Juana)\n",
      "Contribute to ODH and ownership will be upstream\n",
      "Phase 1 for admin in RHODS for Summit\n",
      "WG devsecops to plan the test for byon and pipelines\n",
      "UI packages should consider direct dependency only and admin will be able to remove them from the list that is shown.\n",
      "Pipeline has three phases (failed, succeeded, validating) and also annotation for visibility\n",
      "\n",
      "Action\n",
      " to talk to  and involve\n",
      " prepare issues for the UI requirements and BYON and contributing into ODH (BYON and ODH issue linked)\n",
      "\n",
      "2022-Jan-26 \n",
      "Attendees: , , , , , , , , , \n",
      "Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WIn0_8cHGQbTMnF_FKvS_V9YmclY8kSf/view \n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "Issue review:\n",
      "https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/11\n",
      "ODH uses kustomize, so to integrate in it, it needs to follow those standards. Having an independent type of deployment, It could be possible to have a job that deploys it.\n",
      "How RHODS is deployed? Bash script with configuration.\n",
      "Configuration\n",
      "registry push we can configure it in the future, let’s start with internal registry first\n",
      "Git integration??\n",
      "\t\tConfiguration inputs to be discussed in the future with Jeff\n",
      "Initial RHODS UI dashboard \n",
      "https://marvelapp.com/prototype/6dcfc3h\n",
      "Repository URL cannot be validated ahead of time, so some action need to be taken before knowing that.\n",
      "Periodic polling -> need a new issue what happens when there is an update of that image, when do we retrigger/how do we retrigger validation\n",
      "Validation process: when does it run? At import time only? Or do we keep watching for changes in the upstream image to re-validate it as it changes?\n",
      "Jeff: we don’t want to expose an image in the spawner that does not work\n",
      "URL should contain tag of the image to be precise\n",
      "Index and actions on the discovered packages in the UI is postponed.\n",
      "Validation information can be present in the annotations of the Kubernetes object, as far as does not collide with other annotations. Also caching should be removed from the spawner.\n",
      "Annotations to be considered also for images that are RH maintained and custom images.\n",
      "Images built from a notebook for the users where do they end up?\n",
      "What is access point for ODH for the admin UI? Kyle to have a look\n",
      "Action\n",
      "create issue for the periodic polling: https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/17 \n",
      "\n",
      "2022-Jan-19 \n",
      "Attendees: , , , , , , , , , \n",
      "Recording: WG BYON Build Pipelines (2022-01-19 at 07:03 GMT-8) \n",
      "\n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "Issue review:\n",
      "Image validation https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/1 \n",
      "We consider a flexible solution with URL and credentials, can we detect if URL is from a private registry?\n",
      "Access to this point is admin only, but what UI? Add a new section accessible to admin that could be accessed from ODH UI \n",
      "Have an architecture of BYON to be aligned and work with RHODS\n",
      "KFPNBC UI maybe 6/8 months to be more stable to reach ODH, but timeframe can change\n",
      "JupyterHub Spawner minimal validation MVP unless KFPNBC will impact the validation step. \n",
      "Images should not go into the spawner if not working!! Aka not correctly validated\n",
      "What to expect from the UI point of view (Kyle)\n",
      "Local images need to be pushed to a registry, so only URL input to be considered\n",
      "By next wednesday have an initial UI (Kyle)\n",
      "Admin UI first and then Spawner UI second (Jeff)\n",
      "Have a way to also edit and remove custom images. (API required)\n",
      "https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/11\n",
      "What registry is targeting?\n",
      "We need some people from RHODS focused on deployment\n",
      "https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/14 \n",
      "Related to SRE requirements for ODH, include these metrics maybe in other SRE monitoring (JH spawner metrics) or provide a custom dashboard for ODH users.\n",
      "\n",
      "Action\n",
      "Create a MVP for minimal import image use case for admins  Notebook Images as it relates to ODH/RHODS \n",
      "Details for admin use case: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nd_WayY7RB3H7SlqMNlq1LsiS17CnG8V5D6UNsnmIYU/edit \n",
      "to ask who should we invite for the deployment part of BYON.\n",
      "Have an initial UI ?\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "Attendees: , , , \n",
      "Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z5Vnp7opLJXX7RcdCrR9nLy7Jac0GVCP/view \n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "RHODS Jira is now public\n",
      "We have started converting/creating Jira issues into github issue, so that we can use them in our planning board at https://github.com/orgs/open-services-group/projects/3 \n",
      "Issue review:\n",
      " image validation for https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/1 \n",
      "User story for: https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/2  starting entry point? Notebook vs empty image vs making images modifications persistent\n",
      "The Making image modifications persistent case is kind of what https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/3 is about\n",
      "For https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/4 an external service woud be required (e.g. thoth). Disconnected use cases should be considered, even if they are not a current target\n",
      "https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/5 mechanism to export images\n",
      "https://github.com/open-services-group/byon/issues/6 : an easy way add components from a curated list (Guillaume’s tool / demo)\n",
      "P2: ability to make images private. Main use case is to avoid cluster-wide clutter. Hard or soft version of “private”? E.g. RBAC vs annotations. This can intersect with the kubeflow controller.\n",
      "Are we aiming to jupyterhub spawner or kubeflow notebook controller? (kf aimed to be tp on rhodes by summit)\n",
      "Jay Koehler5:06 PM\n",
      "we are presenting on kfnbc next week in the ODH community meeting\n",
      "would be good to have this team there\n",
      "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u6Kwn_uBwrlYnEE1wBkK-7USXCFuD_0IU8gKhGdfuuw/edit#heading=h.93q1spfojyd1 \n",
      "\n",
      "Action\n",
      " adjust issues based on discussion in the meeting\n",
      "\n",
      "\n",
      "2022-Jan-5\n",
      "Attendees:  \n",
      "Recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pCpOnt2X_L8IQQEnToAkKipitAIpvTQM/view \n",
      "\n",
      "Meeting Notes\n",
      "Started reviewing some RHODS requirements, better to have RHODS team next meeting\n",
      "\n",
      "Action\n",
      "Adjust meeting call in github repo\n",
      "DONE create a project on https://github.com/open-services-group/\n",
      " talk to Jeff DeMoss about opening up RHODS-2211 for linking from github, or alternatively create a publicly consumable version of RHODS-2211 if that is not acceptable\n",
      " add UX user stories to project board \n",
      "Create a project on Open Services Group to track issues and work https://github.com/orgs/open-services-group/projects?type=beta \n",
      "\n",
      "\n"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "print(read_strucutural_elements(doc_content))"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "7f755458-bce2-4f84-8488-091f505f08a8",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Function to extract the part between Attendees and Agenda"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 8,
   "id": "a50ab60d-efe4-4383-ac8a-f7a2748a7f0f",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# function to extract the news portion, date between attendees and agenda # Regex or ML to read that news piece\n",
    "\n",
    "# function to perform a character limit check on the text extracted (optional)\n",
    "\n",
    "# functio returns news item, archive_url"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "71d0d061-9832-4578-befb-dc80b61e69d5",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Store it in a dataframe, columns - Date, WeekOf, SIG/Project/WG, News, Archive_Url"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 9,
   "id": "1f6ab801-dd3e-49f5-b711-4197db6a8f9a",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Store output from function into dataframe and join with archive_url "
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "04b4559b-c92f-4f4b-9da3-2c8e6f889092",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Group by WeekOf or Group by SIG/Project/WG"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 10,
   "id": "7d83001a-781a-4f51-a7e2-80db29e9217c",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Function to group by a \"view\" and create a formatted feed, add a link to archive at the end of the News and \n",
    "# create dataframe 1 (weekof, [(project1, news1), (project2, news2),..]) # 1\n",
    "# create dataframe 2 (project, [(weekof1, news1), (weekof2, news2),...]) # 2"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "272fbacb-affe-462b-9112-18bf4726d9c9",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "## Store Markdown"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 11,
   "id": "333a9bfb-0ed7-4e7c-9788-f86fae6f168b",
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# Export the # output from these formatted dataframes into a markdown file in the repo which\n",
    "# Markdown updated with every addition to the dataframe and changes are pushed into the markdown with every version of the notebpok"
   ]
  }
 ],
 "metadata": {
  "kernelspec": {
   "display_name": "Python 3",
   "language": "python",
   "name": "python3"
  },
  "language_info": {
   "codemirror_mode": {
    "name": "ipython",
    "version": 3
   },
   "file_extension": ".py",
   "mimetype": "text/x-python",
   "name": "python",
   "nbconvert_exporter": "python",
   "pygments_lexer": "ipython3",
   "version": "3.8.6"
  }
 },
 "nbformat": 4,
 "nbformat_minor": 5
}
